welcome to Benjamin TV today I'm gonna
make one of my more popular dishes from
the vlog carbonara and this is Carmen a
spaghetti carbonara it's delicious it's
simple and you know what anybody can do
it and I'm gonna get right into the
ingredients all right first off I've got
spaghetti okay I'm just I'm just using
store-bought Barilla if you want to use
organic you want to use a fancy stuff
from the farmers market be my guest
I'm just using this regular spaghetti
I'm also using a I'll be using two egg
yolks as well as one full egg with the
white I'm also gonna be using Parmesan
cheese if you can get the fresh stuff
and grate it yourself also I'll be using
salt and pepper and olive oil not
optional because I know a lot of
tellings are watching this and saying
that's all you need optional if you want
to take to the next level the Benjamin
TV level I've also got sliced up garlic
and heavy whipping cream the sliced up
garlic just gives it a little bit more
flavor as well as the heavy cream just
makes it a more silky smooth texture
that I love when I serve carbonara but
you can totally take those two out last
but not least I also have pancetta
now the pancetta you can substitute with
bacon if you don't have pancetta
available just make sure you go ahead
and slice that up nice and thin all
right the tools that I'll be using is
obviously something to boil the pasta in
make sure you fill that with plenty of
water and get that to a rolling boil
before you even start cooking I'm also
using a 12 inch frying pan this is a
saute pan but you can use a regular
frying pan also you're gonna have a
whisk to whisk up your sauce you're
gonna also be using tongs I have a ladle
I've got a spaghetti ladle also have a
large spoon all right first thing you're
gonna do is slice or pinch it up nice
and thin if you're using bacon just cut
that across the bacon and slice that
thin as well next you're gonna go ahead
and crack your eggs remember you're
going to use two
yoke's so you're gonna separate the egg
yolk from the egg white do this by
tossing the egg yolk back and forth
between the two shells
next you're gonna go ahead and shred
some cheese at this point you're gonna
go ahead and take your eggs Parmesan
cheese black pepper if you're using
heavy whipping cream go ahead and WITSEC
together in a bowl first of all make
sure you have your water boiling okay
because you're gonna get your pasta
cooking as soon as possible also get
your 12 inch pan heated now I like to
cook it on the low heat because when I
make pancetta pancetta cooks fairly
easily and you want to make sure it's on
a low heat but make sure your pan is
nice and warmed up okay first off you're
gonna put some olive oil into your pan
next you'll put that pancetta let the
pancetta go ahead and cook for about mmm
5 to 10 minutes depending on how it
cooks and if you're using bacon once it
gets crispy but not burnt go ahead and
turn the heat off and put that to the
side at this point you're ready to put
your pasta in make sure the heat under
the pot is at the highest you can get it
and make sure it's at a rolling boil and
put your pasta in follow the directions
of your pasta what you're gonna want to
do is make sure about 2 or 3 minutes
before your pasta is done you're going
to turn the heat back on on your 12 inch
frying pan and what you're gonna do at
this point is go ahead and throw that
garlic in there let that sizzle a little
bit but not to the point where it's too
Brown just about a minute or two before
your pasta is done you're gonna want to
go ahead and turn off the heat the
reason you're gonna do this is because
you're going to continue cooking the
pasta that is just barely al dente which
is undercooked in the pan with the
pancetta or bacon go ahead and drain
your pasta very well once that's drained
very well throw that right into the pan
with the meat go ahead and mix that
around for a few minutes on a medium
heat and what you're going to do is take
that large spoon ladle in some of the
water that you use a boiler pasta to
make sure that your pasta doesn't stick
to the pan
that's gonna be the base of your sauce
after a few minutes of cooking on that
medium heat you're just about done
remember you don't want to burn this but
you want to make sure you cook the pasta
through because it was al dente go ahead
and add your pasta to the bowl and
you're gonna pour your egg wash right
onto the pasta make sure all the bacon
pieces are in there with the pasta in
that bowl and mix thoroughly while
adding parmesan to taste you can also
add more black pepper if you'd like at
this point you're just about done go
ahead and plate it and you're ready to
eat a few notes I didn't use salt in the
boiling water because the pancetta is so
salty and saying goes for bacon that you
really don't need a lot of salt in this
dish also if you're worried about the
raw eggs the pasta and the bacon is so
hot from the oil that when you put that
egg into the pasta it's gonna cook it
slightly and I wouldn't worry about it
the final touch to this carbonara I like
to pour a little bit more olive oil to
give it some elegance and ready to eat
all right there you go that's a
carbonara I've got my friend guy here
from DVE store.com he actually helped us
with a lighting today I wanted him to be
the taste tester and I've got green
onions that we actually put on the
garnish I got this idea from cooking
with dog who was an inspiration for this
recipe go ahead and you can put some of
that on there is it good it's really
good so anyways that's Benjamin TV make
sure you subscribe comment below on
other videos you want to see and
carbonara
[Music]
and even though I have the measurements
below because all cheeses are different